Merge slushie_wasm and plonk_prover in single crate (#38)
4IRE-Labs/Slushie: plonk_prover/README.md

# Zero-Knowledge Proofs part of Slushie

> The library for manipulating with [`dusk-plonk`](https://github.com/dusk-network/plonk). For inclusion in the contract and frontend component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library for manipulating with [`dusk-plonk`](https://github.com/dusk-network/plonk). To be used in the contract and frontend component.
```
